---
title: Ergonomics Log
---

This is a place for me to put miscellaneous updates about my computer
setups, in reverse chronological order. You might also be interested
in [my instagram account for related pictures][instagram].

[instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/treetopian

## 2020-05-25 - suspending keyboard from ceiling!

Today I was doing some standing computing (as described in the
[standing keyboard section of the deskless wfh
post][deskless-standing-keyboard]), when I realized I wanted to be
able to take quick inversion breaks (handstands, headstands).  Doing
these inversions is impeded because I needed to detach my keyboard.
Two solutions occurred to me:

1. Use straps + buckle to allow for quick attachment / detachment.

2. Also suspend the keyboard, so I can just walk up to it and start
   using it. Since the materials for this were readily at hand, I gave
   this option a shot!  It took less than 5 minutes to set this up,
   which is a pretty great turnaround from idea to implementation.

Here's the initial implementation, using the same adjustable tie-downs
and adhesive hooks described in the ["Laptop Ceiling Suspension"
post][]:

![photo of indoor suspended kinesis advantage keyboard
](./images/kinesis-advantage-suspended-from-ceiling.jpg)

Here are some closeups on how it's attached:

![closeup of back of suspended kinesis advantage keyboard
](./images/kinesis-advantage-suspension-closeup-1.jpg)

![closeup of front of suspended kinesis advantage keyboard
](./images/kinesis-advantage-suspension-closeup-2.jpg)

The same can be done suspending it from branches / even twigs, just
using the [adjustable tie-downs][]:

![photo of a kinesis advantage keyboard suspended from tree
](./images/kinesis-advantage-suspended-from-tree.jpg)

Roughly what it looks like in use:

![photo of me using a kinesis advantage keyboard suspended from tree
](./images/using-kinesis-advantage-suspended-from-tree.jpg)

So far I'm liking this a lot!  I think there are still some advantages
over a stationary mount, because the keyboard still has some movement
freedom - I can move side to side / turn a bit.  This movement freedom
is not quite as much as suspension from pants, but there is the
notable benefit that I can immediately walk away from the computer
without having a keyboard attached to me!

## 2020-05-16 - ["Polarizer Glasses" post][]

Synopsis: I built some variable angle polarizer glasses based on
camera optics!

## 2020-05-02 - ["Laptop Ceiling Suspension" post][]

Synopsis: Using adhesive hangers and adjustable tie-downs to suspend
laptops.

## 2020-04-25 - hammock under the deck!

I found a rather nice spot under the deck for my [Dutchware Chameleon
backpacking hammock]:

![photo of hammock under deck
](./images/under-deck-hammock-setup-1.jpg)

You might notice that there are some hooks hanging down.  These are
for suspending my laptop screen above my head, for ergonomic supine
computing! These hooks are [adjustable tie-downs][], attached via
[adhesive hangers][]. The nice thing about these adhesive hangers is
that they can be removed without damaging the surface.

So, this is very similar to the approach of suspending from zip-ties /
wire as described in the ["Laptop Ceiling Suspension"
post][]. However, this was relatively unstable because the front of
the body ended up resting on the ridgeline. I discovered that putting
the hooks through the zip ties and hooking to the ridgeline added some
nice stabilization:

![photo of hammock with laptop suspended above
](./images/under-deck-hammock-setup-2.jpg)

I realize it might be hard to visualize how this works.  Perhaps I
will post some pictures of this hammock setup in use at some point.
For now, here's a picture from the ["Tree based Computing" post][]:

![Using a computer ergonomically in a hammock, via external split
keyboard and computer suspended above head
](/posts/supine-computing/images/back-yard-hammock.jpg)

[Dutchware Chameleon backpacking hammock]: https://dutchwaregear.com/product-category/hammock-gear/hammocks/chameleon/

## 2020-03-25 - ["Deskless Ergonomic Work-From-Home Setups" post][]

Synopsis: A few different ideas for comfortably working from home,
without a desk.

## 2020-03-25 - ["Tree Based Computing" post][]

Synopsis: A portable and ergonomic way to use your computer in nature.

## 2019-12-18 - ["Supine Computing" post][]

Synopsis: Comfortable computer use while laying down, dealing with
back pain. Hammocks!

## 2019-12-08 - ["Outdoor Computing with a Deck Desk" post][]

Synopsis: Experiments in outdoor computing, deck desking, and reclined
computing.

## 2018-10-01 - ["Computing comfortably at 30,000 feet" post][]

Synopsis: How to use a laptop on an airline flight with decent
ergonomics.

<!-- shared links -->

[adhesive hangers]: https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B07P1P6VQ5
[adjustable tie-downs]: https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B01COUOCG6

<!-- post links -->

["Tree Based Computing" post]: /posts/tree-based-computing/

["Deskless Ergonomic Work-From-Home Setups" post]: /posts/deskless-ergo-wfh/
[deskless-standing-keyboard]: /posts/deskless-ergo-wfh#deskless-standing-keyboard

["Supine Computing" post]: /posts/supine-computing/

["Outdoor Computing with a Deck Desk" post]: /posts/deck-desk/

["Computing comfortably at 30,000 feet" post]: /posts/comfortable-airplane-computing/

["Laptop Ceiling Suspension" post]: /posts/suspending-laptops/

["Polarizer Glasses" post]: /posts/polarizer-glasses/
